Add documentation for static datasets (#383)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/datasets/static.md

# Static Datasets

Tables containing static data exist in the `static` dataset in BigQuery.

> These tables are generated from CSV's named `data.csv` in the `templates` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tables are generated from CSV files named `data.csv` in subdirectories of the `templates/static` 
```

directory in [`bigquery-etl`](https://github.com/mozilla/bigquery-etl/tree/master/templates/static).

## Creating a Static Table

> Static tables can be created in any dataset in bigquery-etl.  To create a new table,

Reviewer: You link specifically to temlates/static above. I think that in these docs we should encourage all static tables to reside under `static`. We can mention that the machinery allows them to live elsewhere, but but doing so should be carefully considered.
